>> Kyle Simpson: Let's talk about two
very special concepts around emptiness
that come into play heavily
when we're talking about scope.
I just mentioned the idea of
a variable never having been declared,
the topic variable in that previous slide.
It's never been declared.
That is the state of undeclared, and
a lot of people think the word
undefined is the same concept.
That being undefined or being undeclared
are basically the same thing.
They're very distinctly different.
Specifically in a program
something that is
undefined is a variable that has been
declared, but it doesn't have a value.
And then a variable that is undeclared
is one that was never declared anywhere.
We just start trying to reference it.
And the JavaScript engine
has no idea where that is.